Hello, Ring.
Hi, all.
Hi, Ahsan.
Okay, Sasindu is very busy. He has limited time. Hurry up.
Yes, no major updates. I deployed to the fraud.
O.
Yes.
I deployed the fraud and I'm doing the testing now.
And.
The.
Yes.
Can you see the screen?
Yeah.
OK, so yeah.
I am testing in her point of view, like I used a system support to login to the system with is a user like tool, so this is the view she sees, actually.
They only take the auto.
So many, wow.
And.
Pardon?
And there's so many meetings, ohh wow.
Yes.
I think we may want a section between prospect, definitely all the different sections though. Otherwise, it may be too much to deal with.
Mm.
Okay, but this saving all data also like last year also which I pulled.
Correct, that's what I mean. So we need to have some sort of filter mechanism.
Ohh.
Okay.
But one suggestion. Now, if they want to initiate something, I mean, similar to the CapEx, I think we need to give some multi-select and initiate at once.
Team.
Ocean.
Right.
Yeah, yeah, we can give, but anyway, in they should call like a confirm one by one, and then only they can initiate, right?
Confirm and send, he need to review, right? Test one.
No, but also, listen, Prabudeva, when you talk to this other guy, Prabudeva was working on the sales project as well, because in the sales project, you know, we don't keep all the last year's data. We archive it, correct?
And...
Yes.
You know, propose that other propose, but ask that guy how he's done it.
So, to sustain this point, I mean, we we just dumping all this data here.
This little.
We need to only work on, in November, what do I need to focus on?
Yes.
So some filter option we need to give.
Yeah, I will bring that to Production.
And also limit only what they need to work on. Anything from last year, nobody cares. If the meeting has already happened.
Mm.
No need to that should go in a different section, right?
Like an archive section.
Hey.
Yes.
So the only ones and the prospects should be in a different section.
Mm.
As a tab, because that's not done, they don't need to focus on it now.
Okay.
Correct.
Yes.
Like which of whatever that is done, we need to move it.
Yep.
Okay, I will do that.
So, just yeah, filter option, like Kasun said.
Okay.
And...
Yes, OK. Now, in the back-end side, I worked on when the booking is pulling. OK, we the we know we take we can take the owner also, like Yen, we can take that kind of things also, we can.
Uhh...
and log that user also if the user don't have account in our system, they can simply display this kind of review. So from the property, they can review and they can add the user.
To the system, so...
Okay, okay. I think remember we said let's go step by step. You're going somewhere else. Because last time yesterday when we left, we talked about the next step where you're going to tie the two things together.
Three buckets I talked about, right?
Yes.
That's what we do. Let's focus on that. Don't worry about all that user, all that we'll do later.
But where are the three buckets of the next step?
Okay.
Where, like the boom pop, or they know the email that they send, or the attachment that the customer sends, you're gonna extract it, show it in the middle, and then show the PDF right, or the Delphi fields you're gonna match it to.
Huh?
That is not ready yet, but I told you right, I go until this point and after that I can initiate that. I mean I can do that part. Like before that I can able to set up all this event event list correctly. So the event like I can go until this point.
point to create event without the agenda that the PDF, like manually creating. Okay, I can go on to that point and next I will create updating from the agenda, I can come to that point.
And.
Okay, fine. Fine. That's fine. You will take that. So then for now, I would say the only thing other, how much more is left to finish this up, this section up?
Yeah.
Hmm.
Only one thing spending, that's why I'm working on now.
Which one?
Oh.
Map, yeah, the, yeah, yeah, there is, there should be a table to track the history of the fields we are building, right? So that table is there, and to display the history of each field.
So, do one thing is spending what?
That is I need to work on. So once it is done, I can use that here and the agenda things also will be taken because the agenda, whether back end port will be communication between the user for a booking. We need to keep the history of each field right, whatever the AP.
Ms.
change that happening in each build, we need to take this tree also, right? So that is what I'm working on.
Okay, but that is not right for this stage though. You want to see because this is just the initial stage, right?
We are, we won't get to that back and forth until...
This is initiated.
Correct, because this is just.
Yes, but...
Yes, but even that I told you, when I go until this point, this is the point where the fields are filling for each event, event time, right? So this is the section we need to track the history also, right?
Yeah, I think you've gone one step ahead. Before this actually stopped, before you go here, go back to the main screen.
Because.
I think you're run, you're mixing things up, so...
Let me just clarify again, I understand correctly. We are in a stage where we are pulling stuff from.
Delphi of things that are turned definite. So that's why, so one thing you need to do is break out.
Yes.
Prospect, so everything needs to be definite first, only the definite ones, right?
Mm.
Yes, yes.
Then only the definite open ones that happened last week, we don't care about.
Yes, today is only right.
So that goes into archive. So we have to have an archive section that shows anything with a date past goes to the archive section.
like today's date, right? Because it's already over.
Okay, yes.
Yes, yes.
Right? So they need to focus on that. Then, so that goes into archive. Then we have definites, prospect, archive. Let's assume those three for now. Okay.
Okay, okay, but adding to that part, adding to that Bharath, I'm only pulling which is happened today, which is definite, like which is not completed last week or anything. I'm just pulling only today's one.
Then...
Uh-huh.
Correct, but today's one you have, you know, like definitely like #18.
What's the point of that?
It means booking is confirmed, but that event items are not listed down for that.
Look at the departure departure date.
Ah, this, this is all data. OK, Bharath, this is all data.
Which I used to test.
I know.
Okay, but I'm just saying that's what I mean. I don't want to see something in 2025 because we're not going back to the future here.
Yes.
You see what I mean?
You're pulling the live data, correct?
Yeah, pulling the drive later in the prod one, this DeVivo one.
Fine, doesn't matter if it's dev or prod, but at the moment saw something, so I think you need to break it out, so anything in the past we don't we don't touch anymore.
Mm.
Okay.
Correct.
Yes.
This is not a movie, right? We're not Back to the Future yet.
Mm.
So?
Again, what do I need to do, right? Going with that premise.
list of the definites that are there that they need to start initiating the email, correct?
Yes.
Then they will click that arrow button, initiate the email.
The next step.
is less through the journey of initiating the email.
Mm.
Because you're jumping so many steps ahead with other revisions.
Let's go step by step.
We need to send the email to the customer, right?
Desk.
Then they need to send, they will come in.
We need to work out that process. I guess we have to send them a token or something because they don't want to log into a new system, right? So we need to send them some sort of a token to log in.
Correct.
Yes.
Then...
They will upload a file.
And this email is going to go back to their.
To the client.
Directly from here.
Yes.
Okay.
Yeah, because that.
Let's check with her to make sure.
Yes, if we click the preview link.
So, the which from which the client click, they come to this point.
So, Sasindu, you know the...
Is preview is for what?
Okay.
This preview is for what preview link I didn't get it.
Uh, when, yes, when uh, let is so the CS person.
So, email preview.
to initiate the email, you can preview that link right in a client side point of view.
Yeah.
You mean what email client is going to get the look and fill also?
Like.
Yes.
I mean, actual that thing which client going to use.
In the token also there.
I think for the presentations.
We can use that, and finally we can remove that.
Yes.
They want, don't want.
Yeah, okay, let's see it's not good.
So that's fine, then.
So, Sasindu, what I was thinking is, we may also have to have that, what do you call the template here, Sasindu?
What you just did with Dana?
Hope to that.
Start thinking, extending this, not right now, but in the in the next step, we have we'll have to extend what you did there to here.
Make sense?
This belt.
So then the questions we have for Larissa Sasindu, sorry Prabudeva, is what do we want to say in the message?
Mmh.
Okay.
Then the next step is they come to the place to upload the file.
In.
So that's let's go in that direction. So we do this when they upload the file, we want to see those 3 buckets.
What was extracted?
where it should go in Delphi and the actual copy of the attachment.
Yeah.
Stay on that first.
Let's finish that and we will move to the next one, all the duplicates and all that stuff, revisions and everything.
Make sense?
Yes.
Okay, just stay that way. So fix what we talked about here.
Another question on this stuff, we need to send her the link. Actually, Monday I forgot, it's Memorial Day, so we'll have to ask her to see when they want to change. So I'll send her a note today and ask her which day, maybe move to Tuesday next week.
Yeah.
We have to do our public holiday.
OK, I'll move it.
Would you if that, yeah?
Yeah.
Authentication flow is not implemented. I guess you can ask Hassan to do that.
Authentication flow.
Both flow for client to come in.
That is, we need, that is we need to ask from them, like, right? They need a...
Yeah, you can tell me.
Just, we need to ask from them, right?
Ask what?
They the client should need a authentication or not, but just they click the link and come. We are not asked yet.
They will have to, if not, this is going to be a public link. Anyone can do anything. It's not good.
OKOK.
Okay.
Took a like a...
So, sorry, so probably you know, next steps, right? Where we don't talk about the duplication, the revision, all that here, right? Stay focused just on this. Let's take this step by step, and then we'll talk about that later, the database and all that changes.
Yes.
OK, Kasun, Kasun, what authentication flow?
Yeah, I will tell you.
That we will explain you later.
Bye.
It's pending from the client right now.
Mm.
Or no.
Not really.
Now, I will let you know the details.
Okay, sure.
So this screens now.
Oh my god, I forgot I share the screen.
Person I'm using the system support that email address to test like the user was is fine.
Yeah, yeah, it's OK.
Listen, what I did is...
See this, this prefix, right?
Can you hear me? So, what I'm doing, creating each thing as a separate, separate component, like each section, each each function, everything like separate, separate components.
Yeah.
Right.
OK, so the component can be used by anywhere, wherever we want, OK?
Mmh.
So, there won't be a duplicate source then. OK, let's say the booking we need to use in the internal. I mean, there's any new user also comes, so that should be a separate company, right? So, we use you can use anywhere, OK?
By creating the user role, see the CS admin super user, so that will be used here.
This view is for whom? This is for internal?
This is a...
My, I was a internal side.
Okay.
OK, see, I'm now reading for the CS person, create a CS role, so this is that we fix that will work in this CS, OK?
So whatever the access I'm giving to components to this user role, that will be up here and we can use that only.
But it is not based on the context path, right? If some regular user use the context path CS, he's not going to get CS person access, right?
Mm.
Yeah, he won't get, he won't get, that is sure.
See, I can select the landing page also, so this is future like.
Which landing pages should come first?
Yeah, keep it like this, but just internal for now. Later, we can have these additional discussions with them.
Blue.
Yeah.
The.
Okay, see, this is the one now I can tell you. So I just now deployed that way.
Okay, so this is pulled for only today's booking, which is happened today in the Delphi.
So when she login, she see only these three for now.
Ohh, this is the one we are going to share with her. OK, this dot AI. OK.
Yes, yes.
And, for now, gave only this access and this access property in the sense you can see is a property details only for now only that option, there is no CRD option or anything, just to view only.
And user approvals that is see this one.
When the booking is full, OK?
For this booking, there is your owner, this is the owner. So it can automatically fold and can create automatic user account entry for that. So the property owner, someone can approve to create the account for them so that user can come and log into the system using his email address.
So that we are displaying the notification also.
Mm.
So, that is happening there.
And the profile not screamed like that, then find.
This is the thing she she put in.
And this.
This is, I need to customize.
Yes, that's it.
Can you hear me, Ezhil?
Anees.
Ohh.
Desk.
Bharath.
OK, then, if all good, we can wrap up.
Then we have Sasindu, I won't be joining CapEx. I need to go on call with Ashika.
All good, right there.
Yes, Kasun.
Hello?
Okay.
Probably, you know what next steps, right? Don't run too far ahead.
Yes, Barath.
Because we need to send an email out.
The.
On this.
Right.
Yes, Barath.
You want, well, I'd like to get it out today if possible.
I it can send with all these things.
But that bucket-wise is not going to be there.
The.
What do you mean bucket-wise?
I mean, on the left-right section, this already now.
That's fine.
OK, get this out. The draft email for me and send it to me. I'll send it out.
Okay.
Right.
I'll see you in the conference thing, Kavrix, uh, uh, Sasindu.
Thanks, Christian.
A cost.
Back to, but...
I.
Thank you.
Kasun, can you stay for a minute?
Oh yeah.
Yeah, tell me.
Yes, Ahsan, I will share you the details. We will get our call rolls.
So, I can leave.
Yes.
Okay.
Kasun that Barath asking, right?
Which one?
The bucket list-wise, right?
Huh?
So, that that is, I like put to the last stage because Kasun, but which I am doing all the stuff in a correct order, like you have stopped there.